Yeah I'm on this day trying to keep myself alive as much as possible. But my mind isn't letting me.
It's getting uncontrollable. I can't stop it from having those thoughts again. Idk if it is just trying to satisfy his ego. I'm helpless. I can fight none. Not even myself. I feel like getting controlled by some wasted parts of my brain. I let it take down on me cuz I don't feel any energy. After all I love all life and the brain is living too. I won't fight it that's fine. If it achieves happiness at my cost I will let him have it. I can't do anything other than consoling my heart that things will get little better. But I know it very well nothings gonna happen.Afterall my heart seems to trust me more and hopes to stay protected. But how can I keep her safe. When I'm just planning to end all of this. I feel like stabbing my heart , rip off my face skin like a mask from my face and lie down on the ground looking at the moon. I am just trying to future fake that I'm gonna be alright again. 

I still remember that day when my bestie left me . I still remember the pain and trauma that got trapped in me. I couldn't fully recover but managed to see a happy ending. I was completely traumatized and baffled. The way I fought her ripped my aggressive personality off totally suppressing it. I can never fight anyone after that and I adopted way of love and peace. Started loving everyone .Even submitted to my enemies and the people who hated me for no reason. I did everything to have my life filled with love and peace. I began worshiping love .It supplied me enough energy even in my hard times. If only I could teach people the way of seeing the world through the eyes of love , I could have made a great contribution in changing it.I was finally enjoying my life . It was truly amazing. I learnt how to love  and studied about its dimensions and highest variants . Love is knowledge and God is love. I believed in his existence. I believed love could achieve anything without causing harm to anyone. After all love can never cause pain .It's meant to heal not damage. 
<details>
<summary>No need to Expand.</summary>
<p>Yet few of us don't understand truly what love is and have our hands on practical. Love doesn't really have a rigid form in which it can be defined. Love is meant for good. That's the principle. Everyone has different perspective about love and different dimensions of it is followed by different people. All of those dimensions are to be respected. Doesn't matter even if it's poriferous or erotic. Even divinity comes with eros that's divine. After all they are dimensions that are brought by different perspectives . Every sense and every parameter they hold have their own importance and philosophical aspect which can only be understood when we understand the basic principles of love ,keeping them in mind. Love ain't like something to fill your life with if you don't know it's true value . Love is the ultimate source of energy and motivation that combines with your time to make it beautiful. Love is a source of happiness but using it as a source of our own happiness is selfish . 
Beautiful time and beautiful life are different and may not be mixed with each other. What I find more sweeter is time over life. After all we must not regret on our last day that our life got wasted. We can actually submit ourselves to even those person who hate us the most to make them love us. I realised that enemies can be one of the best healers of yours if you have them loving you at the end. We must remember that we are just here to show how beautiful and sweet we can make our lives combined with love. Love can come with selfishness but there is always some sweetness in it .  Love should not come with ego. Humility is the most uncontrollable thing that's comes with love . It's not about the ego that makes you believe that you love someone and so you deserve their love. It's about the ego that your love deserves respect , it's superior and will achieve its target anyhow. The love isn't here to satisfy you but is something you give to someone to satisfy them. It's something you give to the people to have "them" respected and not necessarily your love. It can be expressed anyhow at anytime and always enhances each moment . It's not something to flex about and force on someone. It's just like an ornament you wear to enchant yourself. 
And enchant others. Energize others and induce them to respect every aspect of life and understand it's importance. It doesn't let anyone down but always shows the path of truth. 

Love can't be suppressed with insult but can be transformed with humiliation. Love can never be destroyed no matter even if you sell your soul. 
If someone says that they don't have energy to love , then they are just in a delusion, fearing love or adopting a facade that they deserve some other great love , believing that love is meant to satisfy them and if that's not the case then it's not love and  they don't want it as the person trying to give isn't worthy of receiving love. This is never an excuse , even if a rapist tries to love someone it shall not be humiliated.  How can love be rejected and what even is rejecting???? It's just a form of suppression and  tend to "hurt" the person. It's a sin to supress love. It's a sin to supress knowledge and God. Its the greatest sin to jolt someone's love. That's a pure form of manipulation you do to get someone off his path of loving. It's a pure form of manipulation that destroys the very essence of love . After all if you do believe that you deserve love , you should worship love . The worshiper of love never thinks of disrespecting it. Afterall disrespect is relative but in case of love it causes to lose it's balance . Love is the most delicate at some points and strongest at some others. It's like a prince rupert's pearl that has the strongest part of its broader side yet a single shake can compromise it's beauty and shatter it into pieces. Love can't be shattered but can be transformed by the deep rooted ego and narrow minded ness of the rejector. A rejector is never a worshiper of love but a worshiper of their ego. Sometimes they believe to be self centred. But you need not humiliate love through rejection. It's practically meaningless , for love it's like reshaping it to something complex and bittersweet. It's done by love itself respecting the rejector's rejection ,but it destroys the very essence of love. Yet the greatness of love with unparalleled patience , acceptance and forgiveness allows itself to heal itself and restore , reshape and reconnect every broken fragments once again if given a chance. It's never too late to restore your love . It demands your time to rethink and you will be rewarded again. You can't really define living without love .  Love ain't any curse that keeps us attached even to non living things , but it empowers us and enriches our quality of enjoying all our life moments with or without our loved ones . It's the only motivation that's permanent and can be self gathered through realisation. It requires great levels of acceptance as not everyone understands the language of love but everyone is capable of . Love doesn't let you do harm to even anyone you hate . God doesn't live in our heart but love does. And we are no one to supress it through some shit conception of living a narrow life. Life is short for someone who doesn't understand the essence of life. Love is meaningless to someone who doesn't understand the essence of love. Everything comes with a meaning and worthy of taking part in one's life. So once when it comes try to respect love itself and never try to shake it's delicacies in the harsh atmosphere of the mundane world . Love's delicate branches can live even in huge storms as only thing it demands is respect rather than recognition because it is rooted in understanding and appreciation rather than the need for external validation. But forcing oneself to wear a facade and intentionally ignoring love while exhibiting coldness is indeed a disservice to both oneself and the other person. It's brings stiffness and makes love rigid closing most of its possibilities and variations. Love ain't given a chance in this case. Being intentionally blind harms all the parties involved.  
If one believe they are protecting themselves, their behavior reflects a profound disconnection from the essence of love. True self-centeredness involves an awareness of one’s own needs and the ability to harness meaningful relationships, not a refusal . But rejecting love in a cold way  deprived them from the richness of human experience, . This rejection is not a genuine expression of self-care but a narrow perspective that ultimately hinders personal growth and fulfillment. Understanding love with all its complexities is a more authentic path to be called as an act of self-centredness.
Yeah love requires a lots of time. But It's as shameful as rejecting once love for the someone to not value it's time - the time it took to cultivate it's vastness and divinity.
Doesn't matter even that love was created just a second ago it had it's own vastness and purity at the very initial moment. Love is complex yet simple at the same time. It's just about what part of it you unlock at first determines the path it will lead you to.

It's just a part of what my thoughts are at this moment and of what I feel always.
Maybe I could never completely explain what it meant to me.
I am trying for years to know what love truly is. I am still learning after 5 years.</p>
</details>


I was meant to love people. Yet I trusted none. I have some other story behind that. 
I don't easily trust people. I have a huge lovely family on discord but none of them are my irl known.
I don't have much frnds irl ,just a few of them I trust.
I was just born 5 years ago and the only person I found habitable was this girl who changed my perspective about life completely. I got frnds - Niyogi, anudan,JCB,siraj, debopriya and rigbed. That's the only people I met and felt like having frndship with.After all I chose most of them as my frnds cuz once they loved her.,
But I met someone who earned my trust among all of them. It was a damn slow process that took a lots of time. 3 years isn't less anyhow.  I felt like that was the only mature person to understand me one day. I felt none of my other frnds as real as her. Days passed and everyday my feelings went stronger with greater intensity and consistency. 
Nah I never fell in love with her.
I was never interested in her love either.
Never for even a single moment I wanted her love. That's not what I need or want.
And I never expected them also.

I just wanted to know about her. Somehow I felt the vastness of her maturity when I first came to know about her. Idk why but I felt immense urge to know about her and learn about her. I wanted to relive her life for nothing but just for understanding her. As I felt this would complete my quest for knowledge of love. I decided to love her to know her more and by heart. Her life could have been the best example for me to learn from as she was famous af ofc. She had many boys after her and having crush on her. I found it immensely satisfying to meet few of her lovers and learn from them . It's was some thing strange that normally someone wouldn't do but I found it damn energising and motivating. But soon I realised none of really had respect for her. They seemed to call themselves as a lover of her but doesn't know what to do with that love.  At that point I promised myself that I would try to bring respect in the minds of all those boys claiming to love her as love isn't something to be played with when you're seemingly jobless . You can't flex love after you "achieve" it. Idk what this achievement is even for them.

Talking bout myself , I found nothing in her to love about. But I was simply motivated to know about her. That's was the sole wish I had for my entire school life after I was born after class 8.
Nah I would rather skip everything and every sacrifice I made in the whole time.
God had some greater plans of bringing me her frndship. It was all a coincidence, and I decided to have her as my frnd. Before that I didn't really had frnds. Those boys sitting besides me weren't frnds yet. But the day I can to know bout Niyogi and Arya having crush on her , I let my hands of frndship to them. I felt damn excited to motivate them in a path of true love to atleast earn respect to her . I couldn't show my love but I can fulfill its purpose by making them love her. I can provide her happiness indirectly maybe. Till date I try to motivate them. Idk for what . I find peace in it. Somehow it's something I have discovered beyond agape.
I got her frndship , I got the most precious thing at that moment. That meant to me a lot after successfully loving her and evolving love every day. I never really tried to show even for a while that I loved her because I always had a fear of our frndship get weaker at even a single point of time. I can't let it happen at any cost. I did everything and anything to keep it safe even when it started hurting me after sometime. I was completely immune to love . But little did I knew that I wasnt immune to frndship.that was the only vulnerability that got exploited.
Untill at a point it started hurting me like hell. Her coldness and empathy less attitude made me question myself . But love controlled my mind and heart. Suppressing my urge to question someone once again repeating the history. I didn't dare to even cause a single bit of spark or even leave a chance of creating one. I did everything to control myself to not even think about saying about my state . At one point I realised she didn't like to talk with me. I dk if that was true btw everything felt like that. This was just a part of my journey . I didn't say a single word but accepted it somehow. I went on accepting harsh truths that brought me to this day. The truth is that I don't mean anything. Love doesn't exist nor does God. It's meaningless. The goodness I achieved for this 5 years are all worthless. I have ruined my life by serving others, by loving people and by loving her, nah I was helpless and I couldn't accept all this. I caught up depression and bpd slowly in this 3 years. Like imagine a big rock being broken piece by piece each day for a long time untill nothing's left. That's my situation. The build of bpd is so strong I don't find any meaning in moving on or living long. I don't feel life anymore , but I do feel love even when she proved it doesn't exist. All of those theories are false and I was just living in an delusion that we were nice frnds. Is this called frndship when you leave your frnd in his most hard times?? I motivate people but nobody really feels the need to motivate me. No one ever did. I expected a single bit of sympathy or motivation from her but she went to showing me her coldness mercilessly. It's not what she shows to those whom she really consider to be her frnds. Only I don't mean anything. I still behave with utmost respect and patience with her yet not able to make her truly understand. Not for a single moment in my entire life she brought a smile on my face as a frnd. I failed to be her frnd. She failed me as a frnd. She never really needed my existence. Even if I didn't exist it doesn't matter to anyone as I didn't do anything real. I have chose to love her afterall . I just always feared interacting with her feeling that I might disturb her. When on a day she said me "happy diwali" in a way that wasn't normal , I felt that I made her uncomfortable somehow. I didn't talk with her for 7 months but had only replied. It was like hell for me but it was for her happiness. She never really needed my frndship. So she would never take me as her good frnd. Even when she tells me that we are , but I expect behaviour not words. She never replied me when I needed that the most. I didn't text her untill my depressing thoughts take me down so much that I feel like committing suicide. When these suicidal thoughts take it's peak I DM her and never get replies. Only I know how I do keep myself alive after that. It's too difficult and shameful to explain I achieved nothing other than pain. Her frndship seemed like a curse. But was it completely my fault? I wanted to know bout her by becoming one her close frnds. Thats the best way , better than becoming her bf. I never wanted to be that atleast. If she didn't want it she could have said me directly.But I never said her about my love fearing the lost of frndship , btw it happened. , she took it as a fun - my frndship. I did completely convert my love into frndship as I needed to provide her happiness . Which I thing I failed for a fear of losing her frndship and getting attached. But I never wrote a single msg to her that said that I loved her. But she assumed. That was great at that moment. I felt that's only her maturity that helped her find that. But nah it was her generalised view about boys interacting with her. Damn I'm compared with others, with even niyogi. Comparing  love is always an insult doesn't matter even if it's compared with demons or gods. Maybe she believes all of the boys interacting tries to grab her love and attention. And she took me in the same way. Btw I was totally different. What I needed atlast? Just knowledge, just to know bout her and relive her life as a part of my life .After all that's the only frnd I thought to be real. I can't really explain the real philosophical aspect behind this. It's shameful that what I did become. This bpd won't let me live , won't let me explain , wont let me heal. Not would she . She won't give me chance. Atlast I did.
I made her hate me, ignore me, and ripped off the trust we had.
That thing I feared the most had actually happened I just can't believe. There wasn't any chance of that happening , but it happened. ......... Let's not talk bout it anymore
I have thought bout every single possibilities. But I found no solution. I can never fix this. Not would she allow me.
I am helpless and fed up. I tried my best. It's been an year that my depression is rising sharply. Idk how long I can control that. I read 3 volumes of psychology yet I couldn't manage my own brain. 

I have none to express all this. Even if I do I never find the solution other than people saying me to move on. Whyyy damn ???? What tf is moving on. Is this a situation to move on when you can just spend an hour talking bout the solution directly with the girl. But that damn girl won't let me live and wants me to suffer. I wanna speak lot bout it btw I hate to speak against her , I can't let my love lose atleast. Even if she proved its non existence.

I have got nice frnds but she was the best among them.
I trusted her the most and invested my mind thinking bout her for 3 years 97% of the time.
But even after all this time I know nothing bout her.
🙂
I know nothing.
And she keeps on asking what I want to know.
Is it something selective I want to know? Dont you understand what? The "knowing" means? Are you this immature???
I was never talkative btw I am forced to adopt this shit character that makes me laugh a lot and talk a lot just to get off my depression. After all I didn't want to betray my parents by simply giving up this life. That's insane about me , what I have become.

Taking bout everything else.
Niyogi really verbally abuse her a lot. I don't like it so I don't tell him bout my problems . Anudan says me to move on but that ain't any solution , after all losing that frnd of mine who meant to me the most for nothing but misunderstanding on the last year of my school life ,after all she knows nothing bout my feelings towards her . Siraj doesn't give a fuck. Debjit is just a broadcaster , he did that for fun but I can forgive him cuz  I had complete confidence on my frndship , btw he opened my eyes that it was so fragile. JCB motivated me to commit suicide and tells me that it has no cons, 😂 it was for fun. Debopriya got bad image bout her. 🙂.

At this point I had only one person to talk with , the person I love and trust the most. But ironically I am the victim of her coldness. Wow.
I can't fix anything sorry. My whole year passed trough depression , motivations doesn't work on me anymore. Talking bout love? It's transformed.
I don't think I am capable of giving NEET. Even if I studied a lot but I don't have that mentality to study anymore. My life is ruined somehow. And nobody did help me. I am grateful to her that she made the last year of my school life so memorable😭. I just don't want to live with this memories. She changed me.
I became self centred but I don't want to live with this shit character. After all I worship love not ego.
I hate myself even after being selfish now.
I hate this life.
I don't deserve to live a human life.
It's not for me.
Nothings gonna change if I don't exist anymore.
That's all the world has for me.
Nobody really had mercy for me.
I am incapable of making even a frnd.
No body really helped me.
I see nothing beyond this.
I am afraid to die.
But horrified to live.
This thing doesn't let me sleep.
I had to laugh in front of her while talking cuz I just can't tolerate her words. I lose my mind when I find her saying anything to supress the topic and avoid fixing things. That's damn devastating for me and dumb with all of her lies. I can clearly see how irritated she is and how much she hate me now and try to avoid me anyhow. Afterall I achieved this.That's never frndly at all in any way.
I achieved nothing.
Everything went to waste.
I'm drained.
All this hours of typing will bring me nothing.
But I expect death would bring me peace.
The Greatest regret of mine - I could could never explain her all of this , and I called her fake . Maybe she isn't fake. Btw I misunderstood her inspite of having tried too hard to know her real self.
She isn't interested.
In another life I will try to fix this.  I disturbed her too much .
I wanted to write a lot more but I don't have energy .
It's not overthinking when you have tried to have a single true frnd in your entire life.🙂 . What tf is love even.



   
